Section 4: Finish ChatEntity (#31)
RaiderSoft/semantic-godot: docs/first_semantic_game/04.chatEntity_conversations.rst

ChatEntity Conversations
========================

With the "physical" game world all set up, we can start on the work to integrate a GPT-4 powered
NPC with that world. We'll start with the ``ChatEntity`` and ``ChatAI`` scripts that we've already
written, and we'll enhance them in ways that will allow them to interact with other entities in
their vicinity. Once done, we'll add a ``ChatAI`` node as a child of the Gralk scene we created in
the last section. Then, in the next two sections, we'll work on making a ``ChatPlayer`` node that
will allow the player to chat with Gralk and other GPT-4 powered NPCs.

Part 1: Updating ChatEntity
---------------------------

To get started, open up the *ChatEntity.cs* script that we wrote in the :doc:`02.simple_chat_npcs`
section. The first thing we need to do is to change this script so that it inherits from an
``Area2D`` node. We'll use the collision detection of an ``Area2D`` to detect when another
``ChatEntity`` is nearby.

.. code-block:: csharp

    [GlobalClass]
    public partial class ChatEntity : Area2D
    {
        (...)
    }

> .. note::
> 
>     Changing ``ChatEntity`` to inherit from ``Area2D`` may break the ``ArguingTrolls`` scene
>     created in sections :doc:`01.project_setup` and :doc:`02.simple_chat_npcs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    Changing ``ChatEntity`` to inherit from ``Area2D`` will break the ``ArguingTrolls`` scene
    created in sections :doc:`01.project_setup` and :doc:`02.simple_chat_npcs`. This is expected.
    You may delete the ``ArguingTrolls`` scene at this point.
```

Nearby ChatEntities
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Now that ``ChatEntity`` inherits from ``Area2D``, we can write some properties and methods to keep
track of other nearby entities. This will be used to display a list of entities to the player and
will allow them to start a conversation with the nearest entity.

> .. tip::
> 
>     We won't set up the NPCs to use this feature in *this* project, but it could be useful if, for
>     example, you want GPT-4 powered NPCs to be able to see and keep track of objects in the world
>     around them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::

    Another use of the nearby entity list might be to give AI-powered NPCs the ability to see and keep track of objects in the world around them.
```
